One  of the best railway station in India.  For the whole of India, you can take trains from here.  All features are available on platform number one.  Rest room is very good.  All food and drink items are available on platform number one.  All main places have automatic steps.
A very well connected but extremely overcrowded railway station. It's direct in the heart of the new delhi city.  Security is a cause of concern I believe as it's very loose. You can't rely only on metal detectors for everything. Can you? Cleanliness is not perfect but satisfactory. Most of the major tastings originate from here. New Delhi metro station is lying here on yellow line of Delhi metro. Bus depot is nearby as well as other connectivity options. Multiple food options are there inside as well as just nearby the metro station which is stone throw distance from the entrance.
Very well organized and disciplined railway station. Clean and hygienic toilets are available here. Waiting area for taxis and autos is huge. All the the necessary amenities like ATM, food, delux toilets etc are available here. The police personals deployed here are very supportive and guide you if you seek any help.
Only thing missing is the design and appearance of the station from outside. Being the railway station of National Capital, the appearance should have been much more elegant.
One of the best , busiest and clean model station in Delhi. Nice and we'll maintained platforms. Liked the staffs support and facilities available.
One of the busiest railway stations in N India. It has 16 platforms and a number of trains of all varieties pass through this station daily. Almost all Shatabdi trains start/terminate here as do several Rajdhani Express trains
The station is more than a century old  and is arguably one of the busiest and highest earning railway stations in the country.
Now the Delhi Metro also has a huge and busy underground station here as does the Airport Metro line.
Every passenger amenity is available at this station although the quality of food available leaves much to be desired
It is now also one of the cleanest stations and is regularly cleaned by a team of dedicated staff.
Visited New Delhi Railway Station Paharganj side after couple of years. Railway has done a great job in improving the entry of station and maintaining cleanliness of platforms. Outside the station is a mess as usual. The drop off area is extremely congested and Autorickshaw parked outside lanes. It’s a nightmare to drop and pick up anyone. Railways should own the management of outside areas as well #Newdelhi #Railwaystation #paharganj #India #Newnormal
Very nice clean , and much discipline crowds, and very clean. Seating area waiting area are excellent.  Police are very active.very clean . Here your can easily Search train for all over India. All the categories of train are available here. Payment mode are available in various forms like online, swipe card,ATM or by UPI. Be aware with monkey.
New Delhi railway station 🚉 It is capital of India and is historical as well as modern city. Its population is over 2 crore and still It is able to provide all facilities like good roads, electricity, drinking water,  public transport etc to its residents.  All offices of govt of India work from here nice infrastructure
Located in the centre of Delhi, this station is well equipped with escalators, lifts and modern facilities. Also have numerous platforms and due to Covid-19, entry of auto, cab has been restricted inside the station but once you come out of the station you will get plenty of them.

Even 🚌 are also available from here provided that you know which one to take for your destination.

Station is busiest one and have trains to every corner of India.
A very updated and clean Railway Station of India. Very important station from where every important trains are being opened. There are total 16 platforms in this station. It has escalator for each platform, however most of the time these escalators will be found faulty. In the station complex, there are running electric vehicle for conveyance of old aged and women passengers. Book stall and snacks shops are available in each platform.
Very well maintained railway station, but doesn't have as many eating options as Old Delhi
One of the busiest railway stations in India.. you can get a train to anywhere in the country from here.. has over16 platforms that are busy throughout the days and the weeks.. parking has a concern as always been.. need work on more volunteers and officials to make a travel happy through this station..
Very big, busy and crowdy station. Good thing is that security is very tight here, any girl stay safe to feel entire premises but after than always alert from pick pockets. * Ola cab services * Prepaid auto rickshaw * And 24 hours their auto rickshaw available they're but always bargain them otherwise they will more charge you. If you reach here by metro than there are many gates which directly reach you to the railway station so always exit Gate no. 1 for reaching the railway station. * New Delhi railway station connects with also Airline's metro, which is also just walking distance. * There are total 16 platforms so if you want to exit from the station and want to e rickshaw than always exit after 16 number platform side.

Very big railway station all filled with peoples. More than 16 platform are there. Electronic display are there present for the convenience of the traveller. Automatic tickets vending machines are there. Rob Water facility is also available. Parking structures is also big. Taxi, auto rickshaw and bus facilities are available just outside the railway station. Authority are very helpful but sometimes not.
NDLS aka New Delhi Railway station is  good junction overall. All facilities like waiting rooms, food counters, escalators are available. But beware of the auto and cab drivers they are asking 10 times more fares. Metro station is just a few steps away from the station.
Very well organized and disciplined railway station. Clean and hygienic toilets are available here. Waiting area for taxis and autos is huge. All the the necessary amenities like ATM, food, delux toilets etc are available here. The police personals deployed here are very supportive and guide you if you seek any help.
Only thing missing is the design and appearance of the station from outside. Being the railway station of National Capital, the appearance should have been much more elegant.
Overall a deserving 5 stars.
The railway station is improving day by day. Escalators , easy availability of cabs and good condition of waiting rooms etc makes it more public friendly. However cleanliness is not that upto mark but that is not solely the station's responsibility it also needs active participation of people who commute from there. Overall good but needs to be more technologically equipped to be the best
One of the best railway station in India, this station hosts a numerous ammount of trains everyday. It has more than 16 platforms and hundreds of trains pass everyday. This place offers okay facilities, good security and good cleanliness. This station is one of the busiest one so if you are thinking to buy tickets offline from here so you will have to be in a long queue most of the time, so please come to station with some extra time.

Very good railway station. Well maintained. Number of trains in different directions are going from here. Security is tight with scanning of lugguage and deployment of security staff including policemen. Good waiting rooms are here for train passengers entry to which is valid only two hours before departure of the concerned train. Taxis and Auto Rickshaws are available just outside the station. Alternative mode to go from here to anywhere in Delhi and NCR is Metro train, metro station is just outside of New Delhi Railway Station.
Very big railway station all filled with peoples. More than 16 platform are there. Electronic display are there  present for the convenience of the traveller. Automatic tickets vending machines are there. Rob Water facility is also available. Parking structures is also big. Taxi, auto rickshaw and bus facilities are available just outside the railway station. Authority are very helpful but sometimes not.
New Delhi Railway Station is one of the most crowded station in India.

Pros.
1. The connectivity to station is very good. You can catch Delhi Metro on ajmeri gate side. Bus service is also very good.
2. Parking is very spacious.
3. Proper sitting arrangement and both AC and Non Ac waiting rooms are available.
4. IRCTC outlet on PF 16 serves very good and affordable food.
5. IRCTC executive launge is also available for waiting on Platform 16.
6. Currency exchange is also available on PF 16.
7. Escalator are available in all platforms.

Cons.
1. Even after all the arrangements made by railway, the place get very crowded and often sitting is not available.
2. Cleaniness and hygiy can be improved.
Very big and busy railway station in the heart of New Delhi. It is very close to Connaught Place and ajmeri gate. The surrounding have great food and shopping options. The station is neat and clean and very spacious with excellent display of 🚊 train status. It has all the facilities for eating resting and clock rooms. Platforms are well connected through escalators lift and FOB. Staff is very friendly and helpful.
Travelled via this station very often. Major station of our country. All types of trains are available. Food shops, restaurants, waiting rooms are here. Wifi service available. Good for wheelchair access. Safety and checking system is not that much. Everytime you visit you can see a lot of peoples are lying in the floors.  Platform tickets are must if you are not a passenger. Uber or Ola, taxi services, auto services, bus services are available. Metro is near.
It is one of the main railway station of New Delhi. This station is very well maintained and cleaned and is very well connected by metro, OLA, Buses, Auto rickshaws etc... Amenities like water, wheelchair,  restrooms, WiFi, fan, lift, escalator and refreshments are all available here... You can see its beauty in night when it's all lighted up with tricolor.
The place is a station so the crowd is going to be there.. too many people waiting near the entrance makes it a little hard to move around. The place is not so clean. Some platforms have escalators some are just stairs. Difficult for older people to climb or people with heavy luggage. They can improve the national capitalsc railway station if The authorities are willing to.